So, um, as a officer in the United States Navy, you could be expected
to move every 2 to 3 years. I've been in the Navy about nine years going
on 10 years now, and I've probably moved every one and 1/2 to about
two years. Of course, some of my circumstances are a little different,
but I've moved about every two years, and you can somewhat of
expect the same. Your first to devote tours are about two years each.
And unless you fleet up, you have probably spend your first tour
in one place, and you're second to another place. After your second
tour, you'll go to shore duty chases. Are you want to spend that somewhere
else, Or you will go to earn, say, ah, master's degree or something.
So that means you move again after you finish your duty. You
could be expected to go to department here school, which you can bet
you're gonna move from that duty station to Rhode Island and then
you move again to your department head duty stations, which you have
to do to so you two more times. So by the time you reach, say, 10
or 12 years or your second shore duty. You've moved about my 45 times
right in, so you can expect to move about every 2 to 3.